[Music]
Hello again, friends of the
channel,
this time I wanted to comment and
ask what do you think of the attitude that
the TV factory has had
throughout the week trying to ignore and
silence Orga Moreno's version, not
the interview that she had on Wednesday
night,
well she had it on Tuesday but it was broadcast
on Wednesday, you know, Olga Moreno
has not spoken out at all, we're
almost going to be a week old
and they've made a complete fool of themselves
from my point of view, many people
thought that Rocío Carrasco was going to
answer on Thursday because let's not
forget that on Thursday, in theory,
Rocío Carrasco's section was going to be moved
so that she could speak about
Olga's words, but in the end, by mutual
agreement with the TV factory, they
decided that week not to show the section
of speak with her, well, things that
surely the audience will not have even
noticed, but hey, what curious things, there are
no, what movements they made at
the TV factory, it's not the same as being
very interested in a character that is not
that interesting and it's that they take it
personally, totally, here you can see  how
perfectly this is already you call that for
the audience and more than for now this is
a personal battle of the friends of
Rocío Carrasco trying to sell a
motorcycle and defending a version and fall
what falls
we have seen how they have not pronounced
absolutely for anything neither in Salvame nor
the socialist already the two programs that
always deal with this subject have not
even made a mention since neither
Thursday nor Thursday which was when
the broadcast of
Olga's interview was hot nor Thursday they
told us absolutely nothing the only thing
Carlota Corredera did was
wink at Rocío Carrasco and put on a
fuchsia dress that really there is
a sense of the ridiculous I think that
people especially from a certain
age should have it and then if this
woman is already Carlota Corredera after
not knowing how to argue anything does not know how to
sustain anything with logic you
believe that you are going to agree more or that what
Rocío Carrasco says is going to be more true when it does not hold up anymore
because you put on a
fuchsia dress
then put on dresses of the color that  you want it
but that's not going to make
the version and the story
that they've told us any more true man please
otherwise the production company of Viva la Vida
is not the TV factory the
production company of Viva la Vida if I'm not
mistaken quartz I have doubts and it's unique
that on the same face rose or quartz but I
think that the one of I think that the one of Viva la
Vida is quartz then they have
spoken out they have had content as it should
be the same as when
an interview is done with someone well it is commented on well it should
also be commented on a channel
that is not supposed to be on side and that
has no preference well now they
should be commenting on
Olga's interview but of course they don't want us look at
you what a load of rubbish no because the fact that
the TV factory decides to
say absolutely nothing about what or
has done an interview
is a huge load of rubbish because people
still know that this interview has
existed and has been in all the media
and they are talking about that same
interview on other programs from the
same house I mean it is completely
ridiculous absurd a tantrum that
leads nowhere and the only thing
proves what I'm telling you, so
this has been a plot by
Rocio Carrasco's friends to tell this story
in this way so that they would make the plot not
every time they wanted the movement against
Antonio David to try to sink him
in the media and be left with her, it's better not to
clean up her image and how good it is that
everyone stops criticizing her for not
wanting to know anything about her children, I don't know what she's
done was
try to put a
justification in people's heads that hasn't
stuck because really
the nonsense is that every time they
hear it, I'm a monero, the nonsense of it was
necessary to tell all this about my daughter
so that everything else could be understood, she doesn't
want to defend the father, you don't
need to sell your daughter, I mean, not at all,
okay, it's a huge [ __ ] and no, no, no, I
can't, I don't buy it, okay, she
's a lady who has looked very bad in
front of the gallery all these years
because she has done things very
badly from my point of view and this is
a personal opinion, the moment she
got a new partner, she blew up,
you know, she didn't want to be a mother  she
wanted to be a new girlfriend not to travel with
her new boyfriend and all and now he wants to
fix everything by putting on a
fuchsia suit holding on to the
feminist movement to her sister I think 7 and
making up a story that has been
completely dismantled and that nothing
fits with reality because it
appears because people from
all over are coming out dismantling it and no longer
people dismantling it but within the
documentary itself there are contradictions
bad then no matter how much you put on a
pink suit no matter how much you don't talk about the
interview that Olga gave the other day which
you see is an interview without
documentation
no videos it simply includes her
responding to things as she has
experienced them no well nothing
these people will be taking it personally they have
taken it as a war anyway I
find it regrettable that she gives her opinion in a check of
being reading the comments box
as always do not forget to subscribe to the
channel and see you in the next video
[Music]